hey what's up its Jason mark today I'm
going to show you how to clean your
favorite sneakers so next up we have
this Jordan 4 that was worn out to my
club bar it's got a fair amount of
stains on it and whatnot it also has a
lot of sensitive delicate materials
suede nubuck take your standard brush
dip it in the water
apply solution back into the water I'll
start the foam up now when you're when
you're cleaning the midsole and the
upper has like premium nubuck you really
want to be mindful of a lot of moisture
solution getting into the new book so
you know get your towel and wipe it off
really quick a little is not gonna hurt
but just be mindful of it so you're not
soaking the new book or suede microfiber
towels actually are great for cleaning
mid soles because it has this property
to it where it's it's actually little
microscopic hooks that help grab dirt so
sometimes I'll give it a good scrub with
the brush and there'll be like a little
scuff or something that's not coming off
you'd be surprised you take them take
the microfiber towel and just work it a
little bit it comes right off
when cleaning new but you definitely
want to use our premium brush again it
has the softer hog bristle that is ideal
for cleaning delicate materials like new
books oh and you want it wet but you
just want it just wet enough to where
you can still create solution I usually
do like a quick test on my my hand just
like that and again you could always add
more water the danger as well as you may
know is you know water and suede or
nubuck don't mix but you do need a
little bit of water to sort of activate
the cleaning and you can start scrubbing
you take a clean dry microfiber towel
and just wipe towards the back of the
shoe and when cleaning suede a new buck
you always want to give the entire area
a nice clean as opposed to spot clean
once you've kind of wiped wiped it down
pretty good and you've got the stains
out you want to finish with strokes
towards the back of the shoe but you
want to let it fully dry basically like
24 hours and letting it sit and then
once it's dry you can take your
microfiber towel this is new book so
there's not that much NAP as opposed to
like if it were swayed you take a dry
microfiber towel and you can work the
NAP back and forth and that'll start to
bring back the natural NAP of the sheet
the key thing to remember is the less
water the better and have yourself a
good microfiber towel especially a dry
clean one so that so that you can work
the NAP back so you want to let this one
dry overnight and again just finish with
strokes towards the back of the shoe and
then let it dry and then come back the
next day and and work it with a
microfiber towel
you